Weather prediction is human hubris.
To try to control and understand the chaos of a multitude of external factors
Plan our lives around what might happen before it does
What a infinitely pointless way to spend time.

I count on my fingers all the ways this could go wrong.
All the ways we might break each others' hearts
All while I get to know his name and the things that make him laugh.

My brain runs infinitely, calculating all the possibilities
Whether or not I could make him happy,
Whether or not I'm enough,
Whether or not there is a day I can't make him laugh,
Whether or not there is a day I will hurt him,
Whether or not this could be forever.

Weather prediction is hubris.
It begins with the premise that all the forces of the world can be measured, calculated, and controlled.
That we, mortal human beings, have the technology and sheer intellect to know whether or not to bring an umbrella with us.

I think of him in the way I'd think of precarious things (if I thought about them).
I think of how I can watch a thin glass vase teeter,
Challenging me to do something about what might be inevitable.
How all things inevitably, eventually depreciate in value through it's use.

But more, I think about how a depreciation in economic value through use does not cleanly translate to care.
We love and use objects and they become weathered and they are filled with our loving memories for them.

I used to think about love in it's finality.
All love ends and heart break is inevitable.
Maybe that is true. Maybe for us it will be true.
But does it matter?

Ultimately I can calculate and measure and try to control the way he might break my heart (or I his)
Or instead of looking at our inevitable end,
I can appreciate how in this moment I make him smile.
I can see him, as he looks back at me, his eyes reflecting only a fraction of the thoughts running through his mind.
I can pierce a moment of silence with him, and ask him what he's thinking and he would answer.
I can tell him everything I feel about him that is true right now and not ask myself if it will be true forever.

No one has forever.
But for right now, he's there
And that's all I need.
