He took lifetimes to describe me.
Between potent pauses finally, he uncomfortably settled on "thoughtful."
Him, restless beyond words, I enveloped myself in his quiet.
Every second blurring by like trees on the highway.

Out of frame, I can see the top of his head nestled in his hands.
He's searching everything to find the words to describe me.
As I grin at the screen that displays him as he's not looking at me,
I still don't know if I'd call it love, what I feel for him.

Lifetimes continue to pass.
My silence, an invitation, an incomplete sentence waiting to be finished.
I want to hear him say it, straight from his brain, undiluted by my own perceptions.
I want to hear how he thinks, uninfluenced by my autocompleting.

Never before has quiet been so bareable.
I've been raised in houses where silences only filled the rooms slammed shut by doors.
The air leaving me alone with my loud thoughts.

His silence is settled like water.
It fits and fills the spaces gently, without force.
It goes where it can and asks nothing of me.

Finally, he's found something that gets as close as possible to describe me.
He uses something else he also struggles to describe.
A snapshot moment, a beautiful sky, and the halting of time to take in the world.
"Things are made meaningful by you. You don't judge it. You just observe it."

After he says this, he looks at me, I, so comfortably in my quiet.
I watch my screen showing him looking at me.
Now, he's found a semblence of peace as he searches for my reaction.
I feel myself wade through miles of emotion trying to reach him.
I don't think he sees that somewhere deep inside of me, something has broken open.
"That's a really lovely sentiment."

I truly don't know what to say in that moment.
It's rare the times when someone describes you to yourself.
They color in your image with all the vibrancy they see in you that you sometimes forget.
I may be used to my shine and all the things that make me wonderful, but he isn't.

We might not see each other in the same ways.
We might not see each other the way we see ourselves.
Two images overlayed atop each other, projected on itself.
I love to see how theyre the same and different.
I love seeing how we're the same and different.
