The ultimate unrequited love: a crush on a boy who dies before you can tell him how you truly felt about him. this line has been written in a poem before. I'm sure I saw it. I'm sure I read it. she described her love ending as one would a brutal limb removal. what about loving someone grafts them onto your soul long enough you cant remember what it was like without them. i don't know if i love him and i don't think that's the point anymore. what is loving someone? Here are the facts: 1) when i hear his voice a calm washes over me. 2) when he looks at me i can feel what can only be him taking me in, remembering all my features. 3) when i look at him the space between us feels infinite and vast as if we're standing on a never-ending horizon 3.5) I never want to stop staring at him 4) when our spaces converge and i am sinking in a moment we've created i forget everything else. i can count on one hand the times ive been in love. i can count on one finger the times ive felt this way. what else is more terrifying than being seen by someone? what if that someone was gone, could i ever be seen again? the reason i hate substances? lack of control. the reason i am afraid of this feeling? lack of control. i dont want to need him. i dont want to want him and yet i do. what is so wrong in that? what is so wrong in that? what is so wrong with that? why does it feel so wrong? i grew up being taught that we don't buy sweets because if we bought sweets when we wanted to we would uncontrollably devour them. we would unendingly consume what we wanted. we would be gluttonous and unstoppable so we must stop ourselves before we even start. and now? before i even start id like to stop myself from sinking too far from getting lost in my own desire. i want so much and yet it feels wrong. it feels like desire is too easy to grasp. it's too simple. do i need this to be harder? do i need to struggle in order for this feeling to be? it doesnt change anything. this admission. my admission. his admission. it doesnt change anything. it doesnt mean anything. the alternative is scary. for our admissions to mean something. what could await us on the other side?
