Hi Vian,

The last time I wrote one of these I was vague because I was scared of the other side. Scared that things wouldn't change and all my worries would be right there over my shoulder. Well. There's no way to know where I'm really at without being a bit vulnerable with myself so here goes.

It's 2022 now. We're almost 2 years into a pandemic where sharing space with someone could put you at risk. That's the world as you traverse the new chapter of young adulthood. Moving to a new city, trying to meet people, trying to figure out what you need.

Maybe I don't really need to recount to you what's going on here and now. You might remember. The trying to romantically know someone followed up by panic, followed up by reflection. Infinite moments of solitude reflection as you talk to your friends all too far away. Trying again was hard too. There was Jon, Ben, Max, Morgan, Sarah. But even before them the ghosts followed. Connie, Abigail, Vy. So you continue on. As it stands you put yourself in a box, one that convinces yourself you shouldn't be trying out this "romance" endevor. Not because you believe yourself unlovable (no that's somewhere _deeper_ inside you where you haven't dared ventured). But because you are tired. The panic drains you. So you stop. You halt your own progress because the progress is exhausting. You tell yourself, "Maybe I'm incapable" so you don't have to put energy into trying. And you focus on what you love.
You love your friends. The new ones you made in Ray and Kyng, the old ones you rekindled in Tali and Kat and Ash and CK, and the ones that have always been morphing and changing with you in Tanvi, Sophie, Isaac, Korben, Corran. You love your friends and even through you feel like a hermit adjusting their eyes to the sun you awkwardly stumble into their laughter and their stories and their questions after your care. And you attempt to accept all this grace.

Top surgery is on the horizon. Closer than that. It's the next exit on the highway. 2 mi away. What tamps down the fear of the unknown is the cold hard logistics. The practicle lifestyle prep work you're doing in your head. What hooks need to be replaced with ones I can reach without lifting my arms? what clothes can i not wear for a couple months while i cant lift my arms? what kind of sleeping position do i need to get used to to hurt less and heal well? who can i call to tell the exciting news? Sometimes you tell yourself, "Ah this love stuff is on the back burner until surgery. Then I'll know who I am, with my body feeling right. Then I'll be able to even consider intimacy in all forms with someone else." But as I write this and see it reflected back at me. I know it's not the truth. All these things in my way to finding this "romantic connection" it's all just excuses. I'm not sure the truth but it feels closer to fear. I make these excuses because I'm afraid. I'm afraid of myself and my needs. I'm afraid of the hurt I could inflict on another person. I'm afraid I won't be enough. I'm afraid I'll lose myself and lose the comfort and routine in my mundane. I'm afraid of being seen and being checked on because I'm not always someone that has something to say, in fact often I'm not. I just say things because silence with someone else terrifies me and fills my head with every thought I never want to admit to myself. I'm afraid of caring what someone might think of me. I'm scared of caring about someone that might not feel the same. I'm scared that no one will ever care about me the same way as I do for them.

Ahem. My head also has whispers of moving in it. The lease renewal is coming up in 6 months and Be Truc has already mentioned she's pretty sure she wants to move in with Eli. So on top of thinking about the logistics of surgery I should also keep in mind the logistics of moving, while recovering from surgery. But, despite this. It did make me realize I'm ready to live on my own. I know what I need. I know how to take care of my needs and it might be hard to be alone all the time but I'm excited to rely only on myself without waiting on someone else or hoping on someone else to do things with. I'm finding my way. Even if that takes me to Cincinnati, OH.

This year I also hope work pans out. With the Epic acquisition we're all really unsure of how our company's culture will change. Not only that but it feels like I'm getting closer and closer to knowing what I want in my career. Even if the path isn't the most clear. I hope I continue to do what makes me happy. I think that's the only way I can stay good at my job. I won't be a QA tester forever. In fact, I hope by the end of this year, 2022, that I won't be. 

You might find this hard to believe, but Vian I love you. and I hope when you read this that you're content and growing.
I'm wishing you the best. I love you so much. Congratulations for making it this far.
Your Pal, Vian
