why is firework by katy perry in my head right now.
do you ever feel like no one cares of you existed? at all? 
like what if you shrunk down really small, super tiny
and just never said anything again and you realized no one
even batted an eye?
thats how i feel right now.

i've worked really hard on being alone and being comfortable
being alone that i wonder if now i'm seeing what happens
when i'm unafraid of being forgotten. my worst fears are realized
that no one cared anyway.

i realized this past gamer night. when no one really followed up
which isnt new. and no one really showed up which sometimes happens
and i just didnt have the energy to "be available" so i called it early
corran followed up and asked if i was mad or upset and explained
work was crazy etc and i started to feel this weight. like
any influence i had over my friends was a negative one?

and thats not a new feeling. thats why i have different friends
spread out in different groups but i didnt have the energy for anyone 
in my own home my roommate would prefer to sit in her office
on facetime for hours than spend time with me. even my best friend
doesnt want to hang out with me and when its suggested (by me)
to do so and i dont have the energy to make up an excuse to
not hang out its about him. and in a group chat with my two close 
friends that always have their own shit going on my contributions
always seem moot. so i stopped contributing there too. no change.

its only been 4 days and im starting to think if i didnt exist
no one would miss me. not that i need to be missed by people in order
to exist. that's stupid.

but i guess its a similar feeling to when me and my therapist
realized i might be asexual. like disappointed? that i might
never feel that way again. that i might never feel like people
cared if i existed one way or the other.

sure i've gotten close and sure people love me but



so here i am. midnight on the 18th of january a couple minutes
after MLK day gorging on vietnamerica comic and feeling like
all these narratives are the same and i am never going to 
tell a story that matters because individual centric narratives
don't matter because individuals dont amount to much without
a system they exist within, a context they operate within right?
i'm bored with it all and i just cant seem to exit my own brain
long enough to think about how others feel.

am i a piece of shit for thinking about if im a piece of shit?
probably. can i stop thinking and feeling like shit and try to divert
my attention to the things in life o should be greatful for?
no. i can't. my brain just wont pull focus from staring down these
signs in my life that no one gives a shit about me and how im
shit for being so egotistical and why cant i just exist without
anyone? why am i waiting on anyone to save me? my therapist, my
friends, my cousins, strangers on the internet. what do i want?
what do i need? i'm begging to know cause i've felt like this for
so long and it's becoming difficult to think that theres a
different way to exist. 

i just want to tell my mom about the surgery without worrying
so hard about how she'll react. i just want to talk about the
stupid shit and not be asked how im doing. i dont. know. how.
im. doing. i havent known on a while.

i just wish i didnt feel like shit. and that im a negative
charge in people's lives. and that i dodnt feel like shit.
