All my life my body moved in ways I didn't understand. In the mirror I juggled and protruded where i didn't want to. I was never told it was an option to change this. Never wanted to make waves. But now I stand on the precipice of a new chapter. Going back to Texas reminded me how all too easy it is for my brain to leave my body. Existing as floating eyeballs that took in the world but itself didn't exist in space. That feeling, of stuffing myself into a role I didn't belong to and that act of forcing myself, pushed my care and love for myself out of my mind. How could they exist at the same time? In the same uncomfortable body? When the body was just trying to get through the day and the mind was told it's desires were not realistic.

Now, I stand, closer and closer to a reality that can soon be mine. I hold excitement for me, on the other side. What new sillohets can I make? What new language will my body create with me? What new ways can we say "I love you"? Will all the confessions between myself have more clarity? More honesty?

I stand here, before taking the leap. I feel secure. I feel loved. I am cared for by such a broad team of loved ones.

Tali, for offering to spend the days after my surgery taking care of me before this surgery even felt like reality.
Ray, for offering their car and time to help bring food and help with other errands.
Mary, for booking tickets and wanting to be here for the process.
Isaac, for creating the lights at the end of the tunnel.
Mom, for hearing me and (eventually) being there for me.
Minh, for listening and being excited and a big brother.
Be Truc, for being a lovely roommate and so accomadating to live with.
Amanda, for offering her car and help.
Sophie and Tanvi for being there.
Miki, for beig excited
Harmonix group for veing excited!!

I've felt messy. I've felt terrified. I've felt scared. I've felt too much my whole life.

All these people and so many more that have shown me support and care and love. I know I'm not alone on this journey and I know all these people are excited to meet me on the other side of this journey of self-love.



And thank you body. For everything you've done for me throughout the years. These breasts have given me a life of working through my self confidence and finding out who I am.
These breasts haven't always been easy to deal with. Sometimes it was impossible to exist with them. But these breasts have given me a life of learning to cope qith difficult circumstances.
This body didn't know the person I'd grow into and it provided what I thought i needed (huh fitting analogy for my mom) and I thanm this body for getting me here. to 23.
You didn't always make it easy but what matters is I made it and I can make my own choices now. We will take another step into making decisions that ultimately make us more confident and loved.
We both love us.
