My scars from assimilation shines
In the light of isolation, loneliness, self-hatred,
Otherness. Grief for the culture I had to leave behind.
Fear of forgetting where I came from. 
Forgetting, the same way we simply forget
The quiet Vietnamese kid in the corner that lost their voice
In the war of manners and human decency. 

“I’m sorry,” I’ll say, “I didn’t see you there.”
I’ll walk on with my American life with my American friends.
I’ll walk on unaware that they never forget.

They, the ones that judge 
the shape of your eyes,
The shade of your skin, 
Your mother’s inability to speak perfect english
Before they even meet you

They’ll talk to the shade of your skin
And your prescription glasses and say,
“You’re smart”
Without knowing the deep shame and fear that consumes you
Looking at your A’s and thinking you’re too smart
And looking at the B’s and thinking you’re not smart enough

Sometimes they laugh and sometimes they smile,
“You’re smart for an asian.”
But all the times they hide behind their racism/prejudice/bias.
In their post-oppression minds they believe
This is the correct thing to say 
when confronted with those other than them.
In my post-Vietnam war mind I believe
This is my cue to stay down and stay quiet
“But don’t stay too quiet, you’d be enforcing the Model Minority Myth”
“But don’t be too smart, you’re enforcing the Model Minority myth.”

I taught myself to be loud,
Call for the attention and respect I deserve.
I refused to be silent and allow others
To label and incorrectly identify me.
I will speak first, loud and proud,
And allow my voice to speak
For the parts of me that are more than my shade
And for the parts of me that were molded 
By my shade, My family, my culture.

I taught myself to love the parts of me
That chooses silence.
I taught myself to care for the parts of me
That was forced into silence

Although, I must say,
The fear hasn’t left me, only manifesting itself as many more things
The grief still surrounds me, coming back in higher degrees
The scars still shine like the jade affixed to my wrist, 
I wear them prouder than ever
Because I love who I am
I love the person I’ve become.

Assimilation, kiss my ass. 
