He died at 16. 2 months before he could turn 17.
That doesn't make his life any less tragic.

At once, he was everything I wanted to be
And everything I am afraid of becoming.

He gave his life to a movement that will never know his name.
He shared his life with _me_, it is still unknown to me if I deserved the time we shared.

2015 doesn't feel far from now.
I only feel distance in my life's transitions.
Going to college. Graduating. First job out of school. First apartment. First Therapy session.
As my life marches on, the further I get from him.

I used to feel his pain so strongly. I used to think 2015 was my last year too.
But, Every last year kept passing and I kept on passing the day he died
Like swaying on swings I was always brought back but never long enough to be forward again.
And so we march when I wish we could dance.

Everyday I live is a celebration of his life
And everyday I want him to be alive is a selfish wish that I'll never say aloud again.

I used to be angry with him for dying. For killing himself. For ending his life before I could witness him live it.
I used to be angry. For all the pain I couldn't take from him, for all the suffering he did in silence.
I used to be angry. I am at once in love with my life and the people I love.

For everything he was that I wanted to be and everything I was afraid of becoming.
He held me close to my own mortality and demanded I love living.
I used to be angry. How much I scorned him for making me survive the pain he left me with.
I used to be angry. Now? I accept the lessons I never asked for.

And the sun touches my skin in a way that makes me feel warm.
I talk to strangers who sometimes become friends whose lives fascinate me and fill me with joy
Strangers talk of their lives with such love I feel it in our idle chat.
I'm excited for what is to come, who I might be, what lives I might intersect with.
I don't love life for Skylar. Not anymore. Not for anyone else.
I love life because mine is one worth loving.
